oh gosh wars my boxing oh oh hey hey
sorry guys ooh I guess I dozed off for a
second who I guess I should go unboxing
video right or the transformers
community please subscribe to my 1274
hey let's go around Musketeers might
mouse 10 e 40 the quick unboxing this
one comes from jackal 2 4 8 a-4 a post a
link to his YouTube channel in the
description down below and a quick
announcement um I'm thinking I'm doing
eight generations Metroplex stop-motion
contest the summer it's not going to be
like the ultimate summer giveaway like
last summer just something I'm coming up
with an idea I don't even know what I'm
giving away um so yeah so if you guys
have any suggestions what you think i
should give away post comments down
below and let me know like i said it i
just trying to compliment with an idea
it can be your generation metroplex
could be your current version or
whatever metroplex that you have so just
a stop-motion contest I don't know
that's just coming up with an idea so
like I said if you guys have any ideas
what I should give away post your
comments down below so on you can boxing
so got my trusty knife so be careful is
a shirt
oh man thank they're pretty good I mean
I pretty much nobody got me see he had
this for license Oh almost half a year
give me a bunch of garbage bags which I
could always use first re denote that he
gave me Ronnie boy mike ma seven eight
full perfect dear on here is your figure
that I here's your figure um then I hope
you all like I expect a review of this
guy enjoy my friend your buddy Jack
brewer jackal 2 484 so thanks funny I
really appreciate it so he gave me at
the time I couldn't find his figure oh
my god where they've it's uh forms beast
hunters um autobot ratchet and I asked
him to sign it which he did on the top
so like I said I couldn't find this
figure at the time so he was really nice
enough to give me this figure and I do
it I really do appreciate Oh checking my
best to do a review I'm not sure when so
yeah so again this is my milk seen
before with an unboxing from jackal to
484 and my quick announcement of a
generation stop-motion our generation's
Metroplex stop motion again guys if you
have any ideas leave your comments down
below but I should give away so then I
won't thank everybody for watching don't
forget to comment rate subscribe and all
that good stuff a lot see you guys later
take it is you guys
you